Hi everyone,

this is to say that I may publish this article in a journal of economics.
It's about equality and the fact that the world could be much more fair by
replacing money by energy.

Here is the article. It's quite simple.


Energy is a universal exchange currency and may have to be the next global
currency for a long time.

Table of contents:

1. Introduction

2. Let's talk a bit about energy

3. What is a measure of energy? How can we measure energy?

4. Let's show that it is possible to exchange energy.

5. Why energy has to be the money of exchange?

6. How to exchange energy equally?

7. How to make humanity adopt this equation?

1. Introduction:

Is energy the only money of exchange that can be valuable today? The answer
may be yes because energy may be an absolute value, that can be,
everything.

Energy can be this feeling of heat, coldness, power or capacity and that
may be shared by everyone, everywhere, everything, energy may be first of
all a sensation that we experiment: « I have some energy ».

If one day, we come to exchange energy instead of money, we may wonder if
the quantity of energy is infinite in on Earth, or in the universe.

Is energy infinite in quantity on Earth or in the universe? I found a
positive argument saying that the universe is infinite so that energy could
be infinite in the universe: there are always something we don't know
consciously, and there may be something after the limit of the universe we
imagine because a limit separates two things. If there is always something
after the limit, there's always more energy. And so, the energy of the
universe is infinite. If the energy of universe is infinite, it may be
infinite where we are and I think it's the case.

Why not installing a better way of exchange if there is one? Giving the
possibility to anyone, to gain all sorts of energy with the amount that is
possible for anyone to give? With a simple law, a simple equation, a simple
rule: you get what you give and because everything is convertible into
energy and energy is convertible into anything, you could have what you
need, after conversion.

Energy may be the real value of each thing. Things could be more precisely
evaluated, more deeply understood, more sincerely done and exchanged, or
just simply, more real.

Let me show you why it may have to be the only money of exchange, and how
to exchange energy. I do not pretend that it is the only way of exchange,
but it may be really simple, real, and connected to reality.

2. Let's talk a bit of energy.

What are we talking about? What is energy?

The energy is one characteristic of the nature, of the things of the
nature, of the universe, that links everything. Let me explain.

Some have studied and study nature, to see if there is logic in it, to
understand it.

And one day, the humanity invented the concept of energy, and the measure
of energy in things. So, what is energy? The meaning of energy may, in
reality, be accessible to everyone. It quantifies the capacity of the
object that has the energy we're talking about, to modify its environment.
The more energy the object has, the more it can change its environment. It
can be hard to be conscious of an energy, to know what is energy, to
describe it. Energy may be estimated as a quantity. You may totally
describe the thing of the nature you are dealing with only with its energy,
and it may always be possible to estimate the quantity of energy of this
thing.

3. What is a measure of energy? How can we measure energy?

We can all observe that some things exist, beginning by ourselves. And that
some things can be measured, like length with meters, or mass with kilos.
These measures seem to be always approximative but may be precise, and we
may be able to do good approximations of these measures if we have good
references to be based on. But what is a reference?

If you have a stick as a length reference, then, you may be able to measure
every length in the nature with the stick. That's the definition of a
reference, something that is present in the nature that you can separate
from the rest and that has a characteristic that is reproducible. And we
would say, this things has so many meter(s).

This may also be possible with energy. Energy may have to be firstly
recognizable when we talk about it. That's why it may have a unity written
next to the amount of energy, to recognize it. The unity of something is a
qualifying thing of it. It may be like an adjective put next to the word we
describe with. So, we could say that if this thing has some energy, then it
is qualified with a certain amount of joules (Joule's the name of a
person). And one joule could be the reference to count energy of everything
that is real.

But energy may not be simple as meter to be measured. Because energy is a
mixed thing of others things, others amounts of quantities. For example, it
has been established that a joule equals a multiplication of a kilo by a
meter by another meter divided by a second divided by another second by but
this may change and there are other definitions of energy. To me, energy is
not this. To me, we could also say that a meter is an energy, that a second
is an energy. Because it takes time to deal in mind with a second, because
a duration may not be costless for it to exists, because a distance has en
existence. But a distance could be considered as an abstract thing that is
costless because it belongs to anyone, but it may not because it is an
information. We can see here, that we also invented the value of things,
the cost meaning of things. But do things have values? Each one knows that
the answer to this question can change from a person to another.

While studying nature, some may have found some logic in it, but this logic
was also based on references. For exemple, one reference is this fact: if
two elements are the same, and if one of these two elements equals to
another one, then the three are the same. This reference, as others, are
supposed, and are supposed not to change. Some found links between measures
of nature and these links were written. For some approximate examples of
links, if the tiger is scared, he may attack (link between scare and
attacking), or if I am heavier than you, I may be more fat than you (link
between weight and form).

Men tried to write these links of nature, to remember it. And they attached
names to things of the nature, to be able to talk about it (like tiger,
door, weight, food, energy). They also invented different names for
characteristics of things of the nature, for measuring it (like numbers,
meters, seconds, kilos, joules).

The links that they observed are written throughout equations. An equation
is a written line with this sign in the center = of the equation. This sign
links what is left and what is right to the sign. If what is right is the
same that what is left, then we write the same thing on the right and on
the left of the sign. The sign = is the « equal sign ».

Usually, if one of the two measures changes written on each side of the
sign =, the other changes.

If the beauty of a man can be the same beauty of woman, we could name « Bm
» the beauty of a man, and « Bw » the beauty of the woman, and write :
Bm = Bw

If the energy of a man can be the same of the energy of a woman, we could
name « Em » the energy of the man, and « Ew » the energy of the woman,
and write : Em = Ew.

We know how to measure electricity, conductivity, mass, speed, light, and a
lot of physical and chemical values and we have to synthesise all these
things, all the formulae of physics and chemistry that deal with energy to
quantify the value of the objects of the nature.

For example, we know that a molecule of water costs approximately 23300
Joules, or 23.3 kJoules. And that there is approximately 33 500 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 molecules of water in one litre, so that makes 780 200 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 Joules for one litre of water.

So, we realise that we have to compress this value into a more high valued
unit that we could call E for energy. We may say that 1 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 J = 10^24 J quals 1 E.

With this system, we can say that one litre costs 780,2 E.

4. Let's show that it is possible to exchange energy.

Because the world is always in movement, always changing, the energy may be
a good way of quantify it in a global universal way, the energy being the
capacity of an object having this energy to modify its environment.

You could estimate the value of a table or of a flower in energy, but it
would be difficult to know how the table or how the flower is if you had
only the amount of energy contained by the table or the flower. But you
would have its absolute value in energy.

Energy stays in our mind as a concept. It can be hard to say: this thing
equals this amount of energy instantly.

Everything can be converted into energy, into a certain amount of Joules
(the unity of energy, like the sticks), even the subtile energies. Every
single piece of matter deals with energy, every single piece of our world,
our universe deals with energy. All physics deal with energy. All the
chemistry deals with energy. All the informations deal with energy. That's
what the actual science says. So, that's why we could have energy accounts,
based on the reality of nature, of the world that surrounds us.

5. Why energy has to be the money of exchange?

Because the declaration of human rights requires equality for mankind.

Because it is an absolute value. Because everything has its equivalent into
energy.

That's why everything can be converted into a certain amount of energy, so
that we can exchange real things.

The thing is that we are together, living on this planet. And that, one
day, the sun that is providing us energy will not last forever, whose
energy is much more So we have to reduce our needs.

Because energy is infinite to me and maybe, the whole problem of
economizing energy has a solution: it's the infinity of energy.

There are subtile energies, pranic energies, invisible energies to some
people, that can be used. Even because the infinity has been invented,
energy is infinite.

Why not installing a better way of exchange? Giving the possibility to
anyone, to gain some energy with the amount that is possible for anyone to
give?

6. How to exchange energy equally?

By following this simple equation:

energy given = energy received

(eg = er, or eger)

Europe lives a severe crisis. This idea could change its future.

It is simple and implies a lot of scientific work about energy. We have to
quantify the energy of all the people that are working for the society. We
have to quantify their work, in every domain, everywhere on Earth. We can
begin by approximations, but we have to be extremely precise so that no one
can be cheated, and no one can cheat. We may have to invent machines
measuring the energy consumed by any type of activity of any kind:
physical, intellectual, emotional, spiritual...

Once this is done, everything has an amount of energy corresponding and
everything can be exchanged in a fair way. People spend their energy at
work and we grant them of the amount of energy they spent on their
energetic accounts in Joules. We can also print bills and make coins of
energy, that will not change the value of things, and that won't allow
speculation.

This is a radical change in society and in minds, and in the equality and
quality of the world that is about to come. This is also radical life style
change that is about to come. It will deeply change our relations, our
conceptions of work, and make it more clear, more fair, more connected to
what is real, more normal.

7. How to make humanity adopt this equation?

By making everyone understanding, that, because everyone can spend some
energy, everyone can eat, build a house, and earn a place to live
correctly, have a worth education.

By making all the governments of everywhere understand that this system may
fit with any kind of political view that wants equality among women and
men, in a basic needs point of view.

By sharing this article as much as possible, by talking about it if you're
interested in.

By researching all the ideas, all the tips, all the ways and tools that
will allow us to quantify energy of all sorts of works, food, water, and
one day, maybe, love.

By sending me mails of researchers that are interested by this project to
help me quantify energies of everything.

By making informatics simulations of global systems dealing with energy and
exchanging it and sending it to me and sharing it.

Thomas Lover





